So in the last lectures, we added functionality to pick a location manually or to locate ourselves upon
a click,
now of course it would be nice to also use that information
when we finally submit our place we want to share, because right now we're always working in pick
location,
we're picking a location, everything is great
but in share place we're not using that location, we're not getting access to it.
So our goal has to be that we propagate the location that was picked to the outside world so that in
share place, we can get it and we can store it just as we store the name the user entered, that we also
store the location.
So for this, I'll actually add a new control here,
I'll name it location and it won't be input field, a text input but still there will be a value and
the value should just be the location object I guess, so I'll set it to null initially,
it will then be an object with latitude and longitude once we're done and I'll also set valid to false
by default and I will turn it to true as soon as we got a location. Touch is not really needed and
validation rules is also not needed here,
so what I want to do is I want to get the location from pick location, so something like on location pick
event
we can listen to you which then allows us to execute a method where we get a location so that we
can then set the value for our control.
For this I'm going to add a new method in my share place class here, location picked handler, there I
expect to get the location as an argument,
we'll have to write the code for this to become true
and then I can call this set state and we'll use the function form where we get the previous state, so
that I can then set controls to previous state controls to use the old values
first of all and we should wrap this in a returned object of course, so return an object where we have
a controls property
and then I also will set the location control we just added.
So this control here which has just value and valid, I will set it to and I will set it to an object
where value can be the location I get,
let's assume that this is an object with a latitude and a longitude and valid is just set to true,
as soon as we got a location, we treat it as true.
Now all we now need to do is we need to make sure that pick image, pick location actually gives us
this on location pick,
so that there, we then bind the location picked handler and we get to this location.
So on location pick is a prop we should execute as a method in pick location so that we actually
execute this method.
So in the pick location component, we obviously want to do that whenever a location is set and whenever
we set a location, no matter if we do this by locating the user or by clicking on the map, pick location
handler is called in the end,
so what we can always do is we can always call this props on location pick and execute it here
and we pass an object where we pass on the latitude which is coords latitude here and we pass on
the longitude which is coords longitude.
Now with that, we propagate this or we get this data out of the pick location component into the share place
component.
Now I also want to make sure that when we try to add a place, we can't do this if no location was picked,
so on the button which we disable if the place name control is invalid,
it is also disabled if either the place name is not valid or if not this state controls location is
valid,
so if valid here is false,
I also want to disable that button, so that we can't submit before I picked the location.
We can then also add this check here in the place add handler to be super safe,
we can also remove it though and I will remove the other check here too which we don't really need
anymore
and I will call on add place and right now, we pass on the place name,
now we also want to pass on the location.
So I will pass a second argument,
this state controls location value is what I also want to pass on. Now on add place of course in the end
dispatches an action, the add place action
and that only accepts a name right now,
so I will change it here to also accept a location and pass on the location
but of course that means that we need to change that action creator here.
So let's go to store actions and into places and here add place now
should also accept the location and pass on that location as an extra property in this created action.
Now let's use that action in our store,
so in the places reducer to be precise, there we store the name, we store our image,
now let's also store the location.
So here I will now store location equal to action location,
that's this new property we just added to the action in our action creator,
this one. So with that, we also store this, now make sure to save all files and let's see if that works.
My Android device is connected to the react native debugging tools here,
so let's see if we actually dispatch this successfully, let's quickly
sudo log in here
and then let's pick some place, scroll down, enter some cool name here
and we can click share this place and now let's do that.
And once I did this, add place is sent here, we see this action here and if we now inspect this a little
bit more, we go to our state,
we see that there indeed
we do have a loation. I need to fix this but we do have a latitude and longitude
and if I click somewhere else
and share this place, we now see that there we get a second element with a different location.
So sharing these places does indeed work,
now one thing I definitely want to do is I want to fix this error,
this should be location not loation
but we're now successfully adding new places. Now with that, we can of course always view these places, if we
find places we see them here
but what we don't really see is the map, would be nice to also see the map on these screens.
So that is what I want to do next.